Cleanup after api increase (#301)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.8.0 (Unreleased)

> * Removed code which handled specific cases for API 29.0 and 30.0. Supported VCD versions now: 9.5 - 10.1  

Author: updated

> * Removed code which handled specific cases for API 29.0 and 30.0. Code now works with vCD versions: 9.5-10.1 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed code which handled specific cases for API 29.0 and 30.0. Supported VCD versions now: 9.5 - 10.1 
```

Author: updated
